Update terminal based installation in Linux.md #170 (#196)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/ide-v1/tutorials/Linux/Linux.md

Open the **arduino-1.6.x** folder just created by the extraction process and spot the **install.sh** file. Right click on it and choose **Run in Terminal** from the contextual menu. The installation process will quickly end and you should find a new icon on your desktop.

If you don't find the option to run the script from the contextual menu, you have to open a Terminal window and move into the **arduino-1.6.x** root directory and run the following command:

```
sudo sh install.sh
```

> NOTE: 
> - For version>=1.6.5
> - Remove 'sudo' keyword if already running terminal with administrative rights. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***This method only works for version greater or equal than 1.6.5.  Remove `sudo` keyword if already running terminal with administrative rights.***
```

To follow our style guide! 😄 
So this will be inside in a note snippet.

After you accept this, I'll merge it :)

Author: I have accepted it. :smile:
